# CPSC 490: An Exploration of the Versatility of RobustRecovery of Over-Parameterized Models
This is a repository of all code for my senior thesis (CPSC 490).

## Abstract:

In the rich field of robust estimation, a new concept of robust recovery of corrupted models is presented in a paper by Gao and Lafferty (2020). In this paper, we explore extensions and applications of the works in that paper. First, we extend the framework of model repair to convolutional networks and find that by reformulating the convolutional network in matrix form akin to a feed-forward network, we can recover the parameters of a convolutional network with results comparable to the feed-forward case. This speaks to the generalizability of the model repair algorithm. This can have ramifications for the storage and maintenance of convolutional and feed-forward models in a standardized manner which actually may turn out to help the recoverability and maintenance of convolutional models. Additionally, we show that the results of model repair on neural networks are reproducible on colon genomics data for a variety of model types and should generalize to other data. Because model repair on over-parameterized models can nearly perfectly recover the original response variables, this result can have significant impacts on data privacy as models with even 50% of their parameters corrupted can still be exactly repaired. Finally, we prove that a simplified robust estimator without any noise, the degenerate point subset problem (c-DPS) of finding any valid fixed fraction of collinear points is NP-hard. This indicates a likely computational bottleneck for robust estimators and because of the connection to model repair, may restrict the computational tractability of the model repair problem. In each of the relevant sections, we find encouraging results and present potential future works and extensions to the research to expand the novel and growing field of model repair.